Fix #720 - Add gitops profile section; summarize deployment model (#721)
apache/incubator-kie-kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/deployment-model.adoc

> = Deployment Models

Reviewer: @ricardozanini shouldn't https://github.com/apache/incubator-kie-kogito-docs/blob/main/serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/customize-podspec.adoc#customize-the-podspec-definition be updated? since it partially covers the same content in this doc?

Author: yes, it's so many pages I wrote here that I just lost my mind. I'll review it, thanks for catching this one!

xref:cloud/operator/build-and-deploy-workflows.adoc[Read more about the Preview Profile].

== Development Profile

The Development profile offers rapid iteration and live reloading capabilities tailored for workflow development. It simplifies the workflow application lifecycle by dynamically building and deploying workflow changes as they occur, enabling quick feedback loops during development. This profile supports custom development images for extending base functionalities.

xref:cloud/operator/developing-workflows.adoc[Read more about the Development Profile].

== Choosing the Right Profile

Select a deployment profile based on your specific needs:

* **GitOps** for controlled, production-ready deployments integrated into your own CI/CD.
* **Preview** for automated image builds suitable for staging or demo environments.
* **Development** for rapid iteration and dynamic testing during workflow development.

== Switching Between Profiles

To change between profiles, you must set the SonataFlow custom resource annotation `org.sonataflow/profile`:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlow
metadata:
    annotations:

>         org.sonataflow/profile: gitops

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        org.sonataflow/profile: gitops <1>
```

----

> Valid values for <profile> are dev, gitops, or preview.

Reviewer 2: :point_up: This is displayed horrible, but it's part of the suggestion :smile:

> Valid values for are `dev`, `gitops`, or `preview`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Example configuration that sets the `gitops` profile. Valid values are: `dev`, `gitops`, or `preview`.
```
